[KITANIJI]
Neku Sakuraba.
Of course someone like
you would be his pick.
What do you mean?
[KITANIJI] I owe you
no more explanations.
[KITANIJI]
The void awaits!
[gasps]
[KITANIJI]
What's this?
Don't go forgettin' that
every Player has a partner!
[BEAT]
You hit all three of your heads?
'Cause you also forgot about
me bein' the next Composer!
Thought you were past this
fightin'‐on‐your‐own crap.
We're both right here with you.
[gasps]
[KITANIJI]
I'm running out of time.
[BEAT]
Neku.
[NEKU]
Huh?
C'mon!
[KITANIJI]
Let the light save you!
Go, Mister Mew!
[NEKU]
Get 'em, Piggy!
This attack's got your
name written all over it!
[BEAT yells]
[KITANIJI]
I must not fail!
[roars]
Chew on this!
Let's sync our psychs
and end this!
[SHIKI, BEAT]
Right!
[yells]
[KITANIJI groaning]
[screams]
[KITANIJI] Am I so powerless
to defend Shibuya?
We really pulled it off.
[NEKU]
No. Not yet.
We have to face the Composer.
What an awesome place!
Graffiti central.
[NEKU]
It's CAT's.
Really? Every single piece?
[NEKU]
That's right.
[NEKU] Your art. All of
your pieces motivated me.
Each new design seemed to say,
"Enjoy your life more!"
And I did.
Going to Udagawa to bask
in your work fulfilled me.
Simple, right?
Just standing there
looking, it was fun.
I thought I'd finally met
someone that I could respect.
Man, I sure know
how to pick 'em.
[NEKU]
But I won't falter anymore.
Show yourself! Hanekoma!
[BEAT] Come out!
I'm sick a' hide 'n' seek!
Hey, Neku. It's been a while.
Joshua? Is it really you?
It is. Congrats on
a job well done.
I thought for sure
you were dead.
If you hadn't pushed me out
of the way of that attack,
I wouldn't be here.
Thank you.
[JOSHUA]
I should be thanking you.
With your help, I was
able to pull off a win.
Yeah. 'Bout time. We actually
won the Reapers' game.
[JOSHUA]
Not quite.
[NEKU]
Huh?
[JOSHUA] While we were playing
a game, it wasn't the Reapers'.
What?
[JOSHUA]
Kitaniji was our opponent.
He and I were competing to
determine the fate of this ward,
along with you.
For you see, Shibuya's
Composer is yours truly.
[JOSHUA] Shibuya is plagued
with selfish desires,
thus I've decided to end it.
End it? Sir, please reconsider!
[JOSHUA] I've actually given it
quite some thought already.
Best to just wash our
hands of it at this point.
[KITANIJI]
Now wait a moment!
You would erase something
that still holds so
many possibilities?
[JOSHUA] Since its denizens
have grown too dull
and clouded to see
that potential, yes.
Shibuya exerts a
powerful influence.
If I don't act soon, the ripples
could spread to other districts.
I swear, Sir!
I'll reform Shibuya!
[JOSHUA]
How so?
[KITANIJI] Uh. I'll find
a way if given time.
So, please! Please allow me
a chance to save it!
[JOSHUA]
A game, then.
[KITANIJI]
A game?
[JOSHUA]
Yes. You versus me.
The rules will be simple.
If you manage to fix this broken
ward, you win. Shibuya stays.
[KITANIJI]
And if I fail?
[JOSHUA]
Then you lose, Kitaniji,
and both you and
Shibuya will be erased.
You have one month,
starting now.
Use your time however
you see fit. Good luck.
For real? This kid,
he's the Composer?
[JOSHUA] I found Kitaniji's
talk of a "reformed Shibuya"
a little intriguing.
You bastard. That mouth's
just beggin' for a beating!
[yells]
Huh?
[BEAT grunts]
[BEAT]
Shit. I can't move.
What'd you do to me?
[JOSHUA] Apologies, but may I
ask you to stay out of this?
Shiki! Beat!
What's happening?
Yo! My body ain't listenin'!
Let them go!
I know how precious your
friends are to you, so relax.
They're fine.
[BEAT]
The hell did you do?!
Fine, but very noisy.
In order to give Megumi
a fair chance of winning,
I had to play with a handicap.
It would've been over
before it began otherwise,
so I sealed most of my powers
and retreated to the Realground.
Challenging him directly was
still out of the question.
Which is why I sent a proxy
to the UG to represent me.
No way.
[JOSHUA]
Oh, yes. That proxy was you.
[NEKU] Then everything
I've done, all of it...
Helped achieve my goal of
erasing Shibuya. Go team.
[gasps]
[NEKU] But Pi‐Face killed me.
I saw him shoot!
Minamimoto has found
numerous ways to interfere.
Nearly spoiled the climax, too.
Served him the same
dose of humility today
as I did when I
went to fetch you.
So then...
[JOSHUA chuckles]
Winners deserve to be rewarded.
How 'bout I give you
your missing memories
I've been holding on
to as your prize?
Work for you?
[screams]
[gunshot]
[chuckles]
[gasps]
[MINAMIMOTO]
I blew it.
[gunshot]
[NEKU] It was you!
I'm dead because of you!
That you are.
You lied! And I've
been blaming myself.
But you, you never
deserved my trust!
Both Pi‐Face and I
were just your pawns!
He's been after my seat for some
time, so he had it coming.
He followed me to the RG,
believing he could
terminate me there.
You'd think a math whiz
would have calculated better.
I'm not like Reapers.
They lose their powers
when they go to the RG,
but as the Composer,
I retain some of mine.
After Minamimoto
botched his shot,
he fled back to the UG
and turned himself Taboo
in attempt to bridge
the power gap.
[JOSHUA]
Mister H will be punished
for helping him succeed.
Should've left it alone.
Heh. Speaking of, I take
it you like this room?
Who cares what I like?!
It's the perfect
setting for a game.
The winner gets to
be the Composer
and Shibuya is his to
do with as he pleases.
If you win our duel, well,
you can create a
place of your dreams.
Reviving your
friends'll be easy.
Not a bad trade, right?
I'm going to count down from
ten and on zero, we shoot.
That's all there is
to it. Very basic.
No more games.
Then don't think
of it as a game.
Instead, consider it a fork.
The roads of life are
chock‐full of 'em.
Ten.
Nine.
Eight.
Seven.
[JOSHUA]
Six.
[NEKU]
I'm gonna...
Five.
Four.
[HANEKOMA]
Trust your partner.
[JOSHUA]
Three.
[NEKU]
I‐I survived for this long
because I put my
faith in everyone.
[JOSHUA]
Two.
One.
[NEKU]
I trust you, Joshua.
[gunshot]
[gasps]
[NEKU]
Why? What the hell?
Am I really back in Shibuya?
[MAN A]
Oh, excuse me.
[NEKU]
Wha‐‐?
It's still here. But how?
It should be gone.
[NEKU]
Did I come back to life?
[gasps]
[BEAT]
Yo!
[RHYME]
Over here!
[NEKU]
Beat! Rhyme!
Sure took your sweet time.
Was startin' to think you
forgot about our meet‐up.
He was too cute,
counting the seconds.
[BEAT]
I was not!
Nice to see you both
alive and kickin'!
Ditto. No clue how that
worked out, though.
It must've been because
you, Neku, and Shiki
went above and beyond
for the games!
[NEKU]
Where is Shiki?
[RHYME chuckles]
Huh?
[chuckles]
I'm Neku Sakuraba. Call me Neku.
[SHIKI] I'm Shiki Misaki.
Please call me Shiki.
Shiki.
[SHIKI] Thanks for keeping
your promise, Neku.
[HANEKOMA] And just like that,
everything's back to normal.
You know, this enitre mess
is gonna have
repercussions upstairs.
Kitaniji still had
Reaper status,
yet you let him run the show,
which was
unprecedented till now.
And while it's great
you suppressed
your powers in the RG,
it's not so great you wound up
using them to aid Neku.
You're just full of
surprises lately.
Do you not think it was
that big of a risk?
You already had one crazed
Reaper that figured out
who you were and tailed you
across every side of Shibuya.
No Reaper can kill me.
They may try, but they
won't ever succeed.
Although I will give
Minamimoto points
for discovering
my true identity.
Not even my Conductor knew that.
Wonder if a coffee‐loving
birdy told him.
[HANEKOMA]
And what makes you say that?
[JOSHUA] Because you also
wanted to preserve Shibuya.
Nice design, by the way.
What? Whoa.
[JOSHUA] Megumi asked you to
make those for him, right?
[HANEKOMA]
Yeah.
So I complied with the
acting Composer's request.
One hundred percent
in the rulebook.
And under the guise
of a trendy new fad,
Kitaniji imprinted
his will on folks.
[JOSHUA]
It's a decent idea in theory,
but unless you were actually
wearing a Red Skull pin,
he couldn't imprint on you.
[HANEKOMA] That's why he used
a game mission as a cover
to distribute them,
though I guess that was
an abuse of his power.
At least it got him results.
[BEAT]
Get this.
People have been gushin'
about some new graffiti
over in the Udagawa district.
They're saying it
appeared overnight.
[SHIKI]
Yeah, I heard about it, too.
[NEKU]
CAT strikes again.
[BEAT chuckles]
Didn't know your
smile got that big!
I'm not even smiling, man.
[HANEKOMA]
Art isn't just a pastime.
There's a reason my
stuff's all over Shibuya.
Unlike the pins, my work
is accessible to anyone.
And I'm then able to imprint
on every single person
that comes into contact with it.
There's a secret code‐‐
a little command I've
infused in all my graffiti.
[JOSHUA] "Enjoy every moment
with all you've got," right?
[HANEKOMA]
I'm astonished you knew.
[JOSHUA] Neku was positively
thrilled to explain it to me.
[HANEKOMA] He is the one I've
had the most influence on.
I thought that you were
dead‐set on erasing Shibuya,
so what happened?
[JOSHUA]
Neku happened.
A boy who lived his life alone,
shutting his ears
and refusing to listen
to a word anybody else said,
dropped his gun and
extended his hand in trust.
[JOSHUA] His change of
heart inspired mine.
[HANEKOMA] It's pretty amazing
what three straight weeks
of Reapers' games
can do to a guy, huh?
Nothing short of a miracle.
I've been thinkin'.
So, like, how were
we able to pull off
that killer move against Shades?
I know. It was CAT.
He was like our own
guardian angel.
Remember that pin he left us?
[BEAT] Guess it was good for
a lot more than openin' walls.
[JOSHUA]
That in the rulebook, too?
[HANEKOMA]
You hypocrite.
I seem to recall
a certain someone
dropping a certain pin on him
that nullified
Kitaniji's brainwashing.
So I'd say we're even.
[JOSHUA]
I'm willing to let it slide,
but only if you divulge
why you chose to tamper
with Minamimoto's
Refinery sigil.
[HANEKOMA] I had high hopes
for that mathematical madman's
attachment to Shibuya.
I guess you could
consider him my "Plan B"
or wild card in the event
that Kitaniji lost.
[JOSHUA]
You wanted him to defeat me
and become the new Composer
so Shibuya would be spared?
And I'm fully prepared
to fall from grace.
[JOSHUA]
As you should be.
Though, as traitorous
as that was,
your words are what spurred
Neku's metamorphosis.
[JOSHUA] But I suppose a few
other things contributed
to his drastic change.
My month‐long Game with Megumi.
You turning Minamimoto Taboo.
And of course, the touching
encounters he had
with his fellow Players.
I'm starving! I've been looking
forward to lunch all day!
[JOSHUA] Perhaps that means
everything was necessary.
[CROWD cheering]
Hello, Shibuya!
[HANEKOMA]
Perhaps.
[777] If you're ready to rock,
lemme hear you scream!
[HANEKOMA]
I will admit one thing
those kids definitely proved
is that nothing in this
world is pointless.
[JOSHUA] So basically,
"enjoy every moment."
Aww. Do I detect
the sound of loneliness?
Same old same.
Always puttin' up a front.
[HANEKOMA] It's a
wonderful world, huh? Heh.